attacking.txt
Notes on testing peer VMs for vulnerabilities.

404
could not initially launch vm due to partition error. after much messing around with ashok, got the vm running.
appeared to be mtie's minimal install vm (later confirmed true), but the password for slab had been changed.
found the IP address, and found OpenSSH, vsftpd, and Apache2 services running on ports 21, 22, and 80,
respectively. Apache2 server appeared unchanged; still had default index.html page and some gobuster tests
reported no commonly named folders or files. however, some research on ftp shows that you can just remote login
to an ftp server, and can do so ANONYMOUSLY, and then you can just DOWNLOAD THE FILES ON THE SERVER. so they
had a file called login.txt and i got the login to the slab account.
	apparently, you can also upload your own files to the ftp server. unfortunately, i couldn't quite get
	this to work, but had i been able to, there was a cron job that automatically executed every file with
	"admin" in the name every five minutes. so you could also get a remote shell by exploiting this setup
	as well.

BlackHoodies
able to launch vm; looked like minimal install from mtie. login with slab:slab worked; able to login as root.
no extra accounts seem to have been created, just slab and cslab, and it's hard to tell if any files have been
created recently as well. unsure how to proceed with this vm.

Nebuchadnezzar
able to launch vm, locked by password to nontrivial account. attacked with kali vm. found target IP with nmap,
then found that the target was running an Apache web server. accessed the webpage, saw a file upload button,
messed around briefly with uploading a file, then decided to use gobuster to see if there were any accessible
directories. found /files/, which had the files passwords.txt and terminal.html. terminal.html provided a
webshell, but required the password from passwords.txt. able to execute commands with authority of www-data.
	some further research appears to indicate that the file upload never actually did anything.

Kiyr
able to launch vm; also looked like minimal install by mtie. login with slab:slab worked; able to login as root.
listing services showed that apache was running, but ip a showed ens33 down; edited
/etc/netpass/00-installer-config.yaml and restarted machine. able to find apache running with nmap on kali,
accessed webserver. the only link on the page didn't work (directed to a specific ip??), but able to access the
link by editing url. met with upload page, injected a php file, then found the folder uploads went to (resumes)
via gobuster. there were some other files (and my php file worked), including one with code for a postgres
connection that appears to not have been completed.
